Really? Can you really save my daughter?
I am the senior brother of the divine doctor
As long as I do it, it will be fine.
Doctor
Hurry up and take whatever you want in to rescue my daughter
Where is the noodle?
Come with me, wait a minute.
What are you doing?
My second brother said
Before he came
No one is allowed in the operating room
Who is your second brother?
Doctor Shen said that Song Mingyue
Sunan Shenming Guan Tian
It's about time.
You're still bragging
My second brother can't even call me
What's more, you are a human being who can be convinced
Dirty slut
You are the divine doctor
Unattainable
He always has some guys who don't know the sky and the earth
Pretend to know him
As his fellow senior brother
But I've never heard of him having a sister
Bitch, you want to kill my mother, don't you?
Get out of here
Don't delay my daughter's name
Whoever leaves the money doesn't need you and this bitch
Sunan, wait for the surgery to end
Wait for me.
No, the patient signed into the atrium